today we arrived in san siro to make one more
oil for you is I will show
show today and everything you have here at
cruise
It's almost three o'clock in the afternoon.
I'm very late arriving because I'm late.
yesterday I had a party, Rodrigo, today was
Sleep too late
So , we slept at home all day.
and only at night it shows May and everything
ae
Look the movement is full of people.
This is where we are from here.
which is kind of a supergiant buffet
who is here according to now time of
super cloudy but hopper closed up
drizzling is but there are several others
ships stopped here at the port today too
We leave on the way out without a seat or six
hours only did somewhere and then the people
I wanted to see you, except that
I do not know I do not know any
match in São Paulo nothing I have
desire to meet more people
unfortunately I woke up Nardi could not
know but leave now to go back and
five why you have to leave not
worth it
There it is a giant city, right?
so I go out showed a little more
Forward then what is happening
here on the cruise now known not to
late in life did not leave
or before is is not sex is not six
assists
we are taking cappuccino because here it is
A delight and only yesterday that we will
discover that then in the last days
that he is taking
now and then I think it's going to head
rest a little longer
Look at that fancy msc ship is the
next
the flour notes
rodrigo would be sweet as long as I go
to participate again until singing does not have
I do not even have 76 but we have to
to attack my soul from são paulo
in the same street
It's more or less like that.
died after falling on his head to
to take a shower and get a show
from the exchange and then to dinner after
ballad after papers of weights more
we are the pomegranate of the throat by placing
As last night I'm putting the
same new year clothes
The mother she is calm of will appear in
soon already have heard or mother can
very fast tremble that disappeared
I had head but there have only theater
started in 6 hiroaki whatever has where
I'm going to record it for you, too.
Czech
I want
but it is very good and with cancer
we have already seen the theater is good good flew was the
That's what I was doing.
Now we are going to have dinner at the restaurant.
very good, I shot can take it forward
that they are coming up and everything like that
that no one knows very much cuddly very much
cool, I'm going where
ae